gh-129401: Test repr rlock failing randomly (#129959)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2025-02-10-14-34-29.gh-issue-129401.Cq6Ruy.rst

> Fix a flaky test in `test_repr_rlock` about representation of `multiuprocessing.RLock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a flaky test in ``test_repr_rlock`` that checks the representation of :class:`multiprocessing.RLock`.
```

Author: Really more explicit and readable. Thank
